Add guide for using Azure Marketplace (#173)
scalar-labs/scalar-kubernetes: docs/AzureMarketplaceGuide.md

# How to use Scalar product containers from Microsoft Azure Marketplace

> Scalar products (Scalar DB, Scalar DL, and some tools) are provided in the Microsoft Azure Marketplace as container images. This guide explains how to use Scalar product container images from the Microsoft Azure Marketplace.  

Author: I think I remained this whitespace according to the markdown syntax to add new line.
However it is not necessary in the GitHub. I will take care of it. Thank you.

* Note:
    * Some Scalar products are licensed under a commercial license, and the Microsoft Azure Marketplace provides them as BYOL (Bring Your Own License). Please make sure you have the appropriate license.

## Get Scalar products from Microsoft Azure Marketplace

1. Access to the Microsoft Azure Marketplace.
   * [Scalar DB](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en/marketplace/apps/scalarinc.scalardb)
   * [Scalar DL](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en/marketplace/apps/scalarinc.scalardl)

> 1. Select `Get It Now`.

Author: I used backticks for emphasizing without paying attention to the difference between backticks and asterisks. Thank you.
I fixed to use backticks for emphasizing
(I use backticks only command, flag, and parameter name.)

> 1. Select `Get It Now`.

Reviewer: A single `*` renders words *italic*, is it okay? To make them be **bold**, we need to quote them with `**`.

> 1. Select `Get It Now`.

Author: Ah, sorry. I misunderstood the deference of `*` and `**`...
I fixed to use `**` for emphasizing in ba02dc024ace578412ba85b2e841b2a133066920.

1. Sign in to the Microsoft Azure Marketplace using your work email address

>    * Please use the work email address that is used as an account of Microsoft Azure.

Author: I see. I agree with we don't use bullet points to separate sentences. Thank you.
I removed unnecessary bullet points in 30061a4fb325d91425fee6c966bcb102cbb142f5.

>         * In the after steps, we will create a private container registry (Azure Container Registry).

Author: Yes. This is a redundancy sentence. Thank you.
I removed this sentence in f806fe7b7b048ef203da7cf9d2e0f757bc6e3f7b.

   * If you have already signed in, this step will be skipped automatically.

1. Input your information.
   * `Company` is not required, but please input it.

1. Select a `Plan` you need from the pull-down.

>    * `Plan` means a combination of the container image and the license. Please select the `Plan` you use.

Author: Yes. "Software plan" is correct. Thank you.
I fixed in 789fe24d08352fa2d393be9d1e17927ecebe788a.

## Deploy containers on Kubernetes other than AKS (Azure Kubernetes Service) from your private container registry using Scalar Helm Charts

1. Install the `az` command according to the [Azure Official Document (How to install the Azure CLI)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli).

1. Sign in with Azure CLI.
   ```console
   az login
   ```

1. Create a `service principal` for authentication of your private container registry according to the [Azure Official Document (Azure Container Registry authentication with service principals)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-auth-service-principal).
   * We use a `Service principal ID` and a `Service principal password` in the next step.

1. Create a `reg-acr-secrets` secret resource for pulling Scalar product images from your private container registry.
   ```console
   kubectl create secret docker-registry reg-acr-secrets \
     --docker-server=<your private container registry login server> \
     --docker-username=<Service principal ID> \
     --docker-password=<Service principal password>
   ```

> 1. Update a custom values file of Helm Charts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Update the custom values file of the Helm Chart of a Scalar product you want to install.
```

               image:
                 repository: "example.azurecr.io/scalarinc/scalar-ledger"
                 version: "3.4.0"
               imagePullSecrets:
                 - name: "reg-acr-secrets"
             ```
           * Scalar DL Auditor (scalardl-auditor-custom-values.yaml)
             ```yaml
             envoy:
               image:
                 repository: "example.azurecr.io/scalarinc/calardl-envoy"
                 version: "1.2.0"
               imagePullSecrets:
                 - name: "reg-acr-secrets"
             
             ...
             
             auditor:
               image:
                 repository: "example.azurecr.io/scalarinc/scalar-auditor"
                 version: "3.4.0"
               imagePullSecrets:
                 - name: "reg-acr-secrets"
             ```
           * Scalar DL Schema Loader (schema-loader-custom-values.yaml)
             ```yaml
             schemaLoading:
               image:
                 repository: "example.azurecr.io/scalarinc/scalardl-schema-loader"
                 version: "3.4.0"
               imagePullSecrets:
                 - name: "reg-acr-secrets"
             ```

> 1. Deploy Scalar products using Helm Charts with the above custom values file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the Scalar product using the Helm Chart with the above custom values file.
```

   * Examples
       * Scalar DB
         ```console
         helm install scalardb scalar-labs/scalardb -f ./scalardb-custom-values.yaml
         ```
       * Scalar DL Ledger
         ```console
         helm install scalardl-ledger scalar-labs/scalardl -f ./scalardl-ledger-custom-values.yaml
         ```
       * Scalar DL Auditor
         ```console
         helm install scalardl-auditor scalar-labs/scalardl-audit -f ./scalardl-auditor-custom-values.yaml
         ```
       * Scalar DL Schema Loader
         ```console
         helm install schema-loader scalar-labs/schema-loading -f ./schema-loader-custom-values.yaml
         ```

> ## Deploy containers on AKS (Azure Kubernetes Service) from your private container registry using Scalar Helm Charts

Author: Yes, that's right. I assume that the AKS is first choice when users subscribe the Azure Marketplace.
I fixed to place the AKS section before the general Kubernetes section in 609c2b9455d97f375547a9e9db38e72d01a99071.

> If you deploy containers on the AKS (Azure Kubernetes Service), you don't need to create a `service principal` and `reg-acr-secrets`.  Your private container registry (Azure Container Registry) can allow access from your AKS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you deploy containers on AKS (Azure Kubernetes Service), you don't need to create a `service principal` and `reg-acr-secrets`.  Your private container registry (Azure Container Registry) allows access from your AKS.
```

> 1. Specify your private container registry (Azure Container Registry) when you create the AKS cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Specify your private container registry (Azure Container Registry) when you create an AKS cluster.
```

   * GUI (Azure Portal)
      * At the `Azure Container Registry` parameter in the `Integrations` tab, please specify your private container registry.
   * CLI ([az aks create](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/aks?view=azure-cli-latest#az-aks-create) command)
      * Please specify `--attach-acr` flag with the name of your private container registry.
   * Note: 
      * Also, you can configure Azure Container Registry integration for existing AKS clusters using [az aks update](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/aks?view=azure-cli-latest#az-aks-update) command with `--attach-acr` flag.
      * Please refer to the [Azure Official Document](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/cluster-container-registry-integration) for more details.

> 1. Update a custom values file of Helm Charts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Update the custom values file of the Helm Chart of a Scalar product you want to install.
```

   * You need to specify your private container registry and the version (tag) as the value of `[].image.repository` and `[].image.version (tag)` in the custom values file.
   * You do NOT need to specify the `reg-acr-secrets` as the value of `[].imagePullSecrets`, because your private container registry (Azure Container Registry) allows access from your AKS nodes.
   * Examples
      * Please refer to the `Deploy containers on Kubernetes other than AKS (Azure Kubernetes Service) from your private container registry using Scalar Helm Charts` section of this document.

> 1. Deploy Scalar products using Helm Charts with the above custom values file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the Scalar product using the Helm Chart with the above custom values file.
```
